---
subcategory: "discovery/v1"
page_title: "Kubernetes: kubernetes_endpoint_slice_v1"
description: |-
  An EndpointSlice contains references to a set of network endpoints. This data source allows you to pull data about such endpoint slice.
---

# kubernetes_endpoint_slice_v1

An EndpointSlice contains references to a set of network endpoints. This data source allows you to pull data about such endpoint slice.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard endpoint_slice's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `address_type` (String) address_type specifies the type of address carried by this EndpointSlice. All addresses in this slice must be the same type. This field is immutable after creation.
- `endpoint` (List of Object) endpoint is a list of unique endpoints in this slice. Each slice may include a maximum of 1000 endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `port` (List of Object) port specifies the list of network ports exposed by each endpoint in this slice. Each port must have a unique name. Each slice may include a maximum of 100 ports. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `addresses` (List of String) addresses of this endpoint. The contents of this field are interpreted according to the corresponding EndpointSlice addressType field.
- `condition` (List of Object) condition contains information about the current status of the endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--endpoint--condition))
- `hostname` (String) hostname of this endpoint. This field may be used by consumers of endpoints to distinguish endpoints from each other.
- `node_name` (String) nodeName represents the name of the Node hosting this endpoint. This can be used to determine endpoints local to a Node.
- `target_ref` (List of Object) targetRef is a reference to a Kubernetes object that represents this endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--endpoint--target_ref))
- `zone` (String) zone is the name of the Zone this endpoint exists in.

<a id="nestedobjatt--endpoint--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint.condition`

Read-Only:

- `ready` (Boolean) ready indicates that this endpoint is prepared to receive traffic, according to whatever system is managing the endpoint.
- `serving` (Boolean) serving is identical to ready except that it is set regardless of the terminating state of endpoints.
- `terminating` (Boolean) terminating indicates that this endpoint is terminating.


<a id="nestedobjatt--endpoint--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint.target_ref`

Read-Only:

- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2].
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent.
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any.
- `uid` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2].



<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the endpoint_slice that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the endpoint_slice. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the endpoint_slice, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which name of the endpoint_slice must be unique.

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this endpoint_slice that can be used by clients to determine when endpoint_slice has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this endpoint_slice. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port`

Read-Only:

- `app_protocol` (String) The application protocol for this port. This is used as a hint for implementations to offer richer behavior for protocols that they understand.
- `name` (String) name represents the name of this port. All ports in an EndpointSlice must have a unique name.
- `port` (String) port represents the port number of the endpoint.
- `protocol` (String) protocol represents the IP protocol for this port. Must be UDP, TCP, or SCTP. Default is TCP.




## Example Usage

```terraform
data "kubernetes_endpoint_slice_v1" "example" {
  metadata {
    name      = "example-endpoint-slice"
    namespace = "default"
  }
}

output "endpoint_addresses" {
  value = flatten([
    for e in data.kubernetes_endpoint_slice_v1.example.endpoint : 
    e.addresses if e.condition[0].ready
  ])
}
```

