---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubernetes_endpoint_slice_v1 Data Source - gateway-api-pr-analysis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An EndpointSlice contains references to a set of network endpoints. This data source allows you to pull data about such endpoint slice.
---

# kubernetes_endpoint_slice_v1 (Data Source)

An EndpointSlice contains references to a set of network endpoints. This data source allows you to pull data about such endpoint slice.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard endpoint_slice's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `address_type` (String) address_type specifies the type of address carried by this EndpointSlice. All addresses in this slice must be the same type. This field is immutable after creation.
- `endpoint` (List of Object) endpoint is a list of unique endpoints in this slice. Each slice may include a maximum of 1000 endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `port` (List of Object) port specifies the list of network ports exposed by each endpoint in this slice. Each port must have a unique name. Each slice may include a maximum of 100 ports. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the endpoint_slice that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the endpoint_slice. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the endpoint_slice, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which name of the endpoint_slice must be unique.

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this endpoint_slice that can be used by clients to determine when endpoint_slice has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this endpoint_slice. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `addresses` (List of String)
- `condition` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--endpoint--condition))
- `hostname` (String)
- `node_name` (String)
- `target_ref` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--endpoint--target_ref))
- `zone` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--endpoint--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint.condition`

Read-Only:

- `ready` (Boolean)
- `serving` (Boolean)
- `terminating` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedobjatt--endpoint--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint.target_ref`

Read-Only:

- `field_path` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `resource_version` (String)
- `uid` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port`

Read-Only:

- `app_protocol` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `port` (String)
- `protocol` (String)
