---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubernetes_backend_tls_policy_v1 Data Source - gateway-api-pr-analysis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# kubernetes_backend_tls_policy_v1 (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard backend_tls_policy_v1's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `spec` (List of Object) Spec defines the desired state of BackendTLSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `status` (List of Object) Status defines the current state of BackendTLSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the backend_tls_policy_v1 that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the backend_tls_policy_v1. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the backend_tls_policy_v1, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which name of the backend_tls_policy_v1 must be unique.

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this backend_tls_policy_v1 that can be used by clients to determine when backend_tls_policy_v1 has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this backend_tls_policy_v1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `options` (Map of String)
- `target_refs` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--target_refs))
- `validation` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--validation))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--target_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_refs`

Read-Only:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `section_name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.validation`

Read-Only:

- `ca_certificate_refs` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--validation--ca_certificate_refs))
- `hostname` (String)
- `subject_alt_names` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--validation--subject_alt_names))
- `well_known_ca_certificates` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--validation--ca_certificate_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.validation.ca_certificate_refs`

Read-Only:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--validation--subject_alt_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.validation.subject_alt_names`

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `uri` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `ancestors` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--ancestors))

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--ancestors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.ancestors`

Read-Only:

- `ancestor_ref` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--ancestors--ancestor_ref))
- `conditions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--ancestors--conditions))
- `controller_name` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--ancestors--ancestor_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.ancestors.ancestor_ref`

Read-Only:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `section_name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--status--ancestors--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.ancestors.conditions`

Read-Only:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `observed_generation` (Number)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)
