---
subcategory: "admissionregistration/v1"
page_title: "Kubernetes: kubernetes_mutating_webhook_configuration_v1"
description: |-
  Mutating Webhook Configuration configures a mutating admission webhook
---

# kubernetes_mutating_webhook_configuration_v1

A Mutating Webhook Configuration configures a [mutating admission webhook](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/#what-are-admission-webhooks). This data source allows you to pull data about a given mutating webhook configuration based on its name.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard mutating webhook configuration's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `webhook` (List of Object) Webhooks is a list of webhooks and the affected resources and operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhook))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the mutating webhook configuration that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the mutating webhook configuration. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the mutating webhook configuration, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this mutating webhook configuration that can be used by clients to determine when mutating webhook configuration has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this mutating webhook configuration. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--webhook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook`

Read-Only:

- `admission_review_versions` (List of String)
- `client_config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--webhook--client_config))
- `failure_policy` (String)
- `match_policy` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace_selector` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--webhook--namespace_selector))
- `object_selector` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--webhook--object_selector))
- `reinvocation_policy` (String)
- `rule` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--webhook--rule))
- `side_effects` (String)
- `timeout_seconds` (Number)

<a id="nestedobjatt--webhook--client_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.client_config`

Read-Only:

- `ca_bundle` (String)
- `service` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--webhook--client_config--service))
- `url` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--webhook--client_config--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.client_config.service`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `path` (String)
- `port` (Number)



<a id="nestedobjatt--webhook--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.namespace_selector`

Read-Only:

- `match_expressions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--webhook--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--webhook--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (Set of String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--webhook--object_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.object_selector`

Read-Only:

- `match_expressions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--webhook--object_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--webhook--object_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.object_selector.match_expressions`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (Set of String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--webhook--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.rule`

Read-Only:

- `api_groups` (List of String)
- `api_versions` (List of String)
- `operations` (List of String)
- `resources` (List of String)
- `scope` (String)





## Example Usage

```terraform
data "kubernetes_mutating_webhook_configuration_v1" "example" {
  metadata {
    name = "terraform-example"
  }
}
```
