---
subcategory: "core/v1"
page_title: "Kubernetes: kubernetes_service_v1"
description: |-
  A Service is an abstraction which defines a logical set of pods and a policy by which to access them - sometimes called a micro-service.
---

# kubernetes_service_v1

A Service is an abstraction which defines a logical set of pods and a policy by which to access them - sometimes called a micro-service. This data source allows you to pull data about such service.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard service's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `spec` (List of Object) Spec defines the behavior of a service. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `status` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the service that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the service. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the service, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which name of the service must be unique.

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this service that can be used by clients to determine when service has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this service. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `allocate_load_balancer_node_ports` (Boolean)
- `cluster_ip` (String)
- `cluster_ips` (List of String)
- `external_ips` (Set of String)
- `external_name` (String)
- `external_traffic_policy` (String)
- `traffic_distribution` (String)
- `health_check_node_port` (Number)
- `internal_traffic_policy` (String)
- `ip_families` (List of String)
- `ip_family_policy` (String)
- `load_balancer_class` (String)
- `load_balancer_ip` (String)
- `load_balancer_source_ranges` (Set of String)
- `port` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--port))
- `publish_not_ready_addresses` (Boolean)
- `selector` (Map of String)
- `session_affinity` (String)
- `session_affinity_config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--session_affinity_config))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.port`

Read-Only:

- `app_protocol` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `node_port` (Number)
- `port` (Number)
- `protocol` (String)
- `target_port` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--session_affinity_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.session_affinity_config`

Read-Only:

- `client_ip` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--session_affinity_config--client_ip))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--session_affinity_config--client_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.session_affinity_config.client_ip`

Read-Only:

- `timeout_seconds` (Number)




<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `load_balancer` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--load_balancer))

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--load_balancer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.load_balancer`

Read-Only:

- `ingress` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--load_balancer--ingress))

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--load_balancer--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.load_balancer.ingress`

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String)
- `ip` (String)






A Service is an abstraction which defines a logical set of pods and a policy by which to access them - sometimes called a micro-service. This data source allows you to pull data about such service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "kubernetes_service_v1" "example" {
  metadata {
    name = "terraform-example"
  }
}

resource "aws_route53_record" "example" {
  zone_id = "data.aws_route53_zone.k8.zone_id"
  name    = "example"
  type    = "CNAME"
  ttl     = "300"
  records = [data.kubernetes_service_v1.example.status.0.load_balancer.0.ingress.0.hostname]
}
```
