---
subcategory: "manifest"
page_title: "Kubernetes: kubernetes_annotations"
description: |-
  This resource allows Terraform to manage the annotations for a resource that already exists
---

# kubernetes_annotations

This resource allows Terraform to manage the annotations for a resource that already exists. This resource uses [field management](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/server-side-apply/#field-management) and [server-side apply](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/server-side-apply/) to manage only the annotations that are defined in the Terraform configuration. Existing annotations not specified in the configuration will be ignored. If an annotation specified in the config and is already managed by another client it will cause a conflict which can be overridden by setting `force` to true.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_version` (String) The apiVersion of the resource to annotate.
- `kind` (String) The kind of the resource to annotate.
- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) A map of annotations to apply to the resource.
- `field_manager` (String) Set the name of the field manager for the specified labels.
- `force` (Boolean) Force overwriting annotations that were created or edited outside of Terraform.
- `template_annotations` (Map of String) A map of annotations to apply to the resource template.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the resource.




## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kubernetes_annotations" "example" {
  api_version = "v1"
  kind        = "ConfigMap"
  metadata {
    name = "my-config"
  }
  annotations = {
    "owner" = "myteam"
  }
}
```

## Example Usage: Patching resources which contain a pod template, e.g Deployment, Job

```terraform
resource "kubernetes_annotations" "example" {
  api_version = "apps/v1"
  kind        = "Deployment"
  metadata {
    name = "my-config"
  }
  # These annotations will be applied to the Deployment resource itself
  annotations = {
    "owner" = "myteam"
  }
  # These annotations will be applied to the Pods created by the Deployment
  template_annotations = {
    "owner" = "myteam"
  }
}
```

## Import

This resource does not support the `import` command. As this resource operates on Kubernetes resources that already exist, creating the resource is equivalent to importing it.
