---
subcategory: "certificates/v1"
page_title: "Kubernetes: kubernetes_certificate_signing_request_v1"
description: |-
  Use this resource to generate TLS certificates using Kubernetes.
---

# kubernetes_certificate_signing_request_v1

Use this resource to generate TLS certificates using Kubernetes. This is a *logical resource*, so it contributes only to the current Terraform state and does not persist any external managed resources. This resource enables automation of [X.509](https://www.itu.int/rec/T-REC-X.509) credential provisioning (including TLS/SSL certificates). It does this by creating a CertificateSigningRequest using the Kubernetes API, which generates a certificate from the Certificate Authority (CA) configured in the Kubernetes cluster. The CSR can be approved automatically by Terraform, or it can be approved by a custom controller running in Kubernetes. See [Kubernetes reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/certificate-signing-requests/) for all available options pertaining to CertificateSigningRequests.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard certificate signing request's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) CertificateSigningRequest objects provide a mechanism to obtain x509 certificates by submitting a certificate signing request, and having it asynchronously approved and issued.

Kubelets use this API to obtain:

 1. client certificates to authenticate to kube-apiserver (with the "kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-client-kubelet" signerName).
 2. serving certificates for TLS endpoints kube-apiserver can connect to securely (with the "kubernetes.io/kubelet-serving" signerName).

This API can be used to request client certificates to authenticate to kube-apiserver (with the "kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-client" signerName), or to obtain certificates from custom non-Kubernetes signers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `auto_approve` (Boolean) Automatically approve the CertificateSigningRequest
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `certificate` (String) certificate is populated with an issued certificate by the signer after an Approved condition is present. This field is set via the /status subresource. Once populated, this field is immutable.

If the certificate signing request is denied, a condition of type "Denied" is added and this field remains empty. If the signer cannot issue the certificate, a condition of type "Failed" is added and this field remains empty.

Validation requirements:

 1. certificate must contain one or more PEM blocks.
 2. All PEM blocks must have the "CERTIFICATE" label, contain no headers, and the encoded data
  must be a BER-encoded ASN.1 Certificate structure as described in section 4 of RFC5280.
 3. Non-PEM content may appear before or after the "CERTIFICATE" PEM blocks and is unvalidated,
  to allow for explanatory text as described in section 5.2 of RFC7468.

If more than one PEM block is present, and the definition of the requested spec.signerName does not indicate otherwise, the first block is the issued certificate, and subsequent blocks should be treated as intermediate certificates and presented in TLS handshakes.

The certificate is encoded in PEM format.

When serialized as JSON or YAML, the data is additionally base64-encoded, so it consists of:

    base64(

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the certificate signing request that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the certificate signing request. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the certificate signing request, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this certificate signing request that can be used by clients to determine when certificate signing request has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this certificate signing request. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `request` (String) request contains an x509 certificate signing request encoded in a "CERTIFICATE REQUEST" PEM block. When serialized as JSON or YAML, the data is additionally base64-encoded.
- `signer_name` (String) signerName indicates the requested signer, and is a qualified name.

List/watch requests for CertificateSigningRequests can filter on this field using a "spec.signerName=NAME" fieldSelector.

Well-known Kubernetes signers are:

 1. "kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-client": issues client certificates that can be used to authenticate to kube-apiserver.
  Requests for this signer are never auto-approved by kube-controller-manager, can be issued by the "csrsigning" controller in kube-controller-manager.
 2. "kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-client-kubelet": issues client certificates that kubelets use to authenticate to kube-apiserver.
  Requests for this signer can be auto-approved by the "csrapproving" controller in kube-controller-manager, and can be issued by the "csrsigning" controller in kube-controller-manager.
 3. "kubernetes.io/kubelet-serving" issues serving certificates that kubelets use to serve TLS endpoints, which kube-apiserver can connect to securely.
  Requests for this signer are never auto-approved by kube-controller-manager, and can be issued by the "csrsigning" controller in kube-controller-manager.

More details are available at https://k8s.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/certificate-signing-requests/#kubernetes-signers

Custom signerNames can also be specified. The signer defines:

 1. Trust distribution: how trust (CA bundles) are distributed.
 2. Permitted subjects: and behavior when a disallowed subject is requested.
 3. Required, permitted, or forbidden x509 extensions in the request (including whether subjectAltNames are allowed, which types, restrictions on allowed values) and behavior when a disallowed extension is requested.
 4. Required, permitted, or forbidden key usages / extended key usages.
 5. Expiration/certificate lifetime: whether it is fixed by the signer, configurable by the admin.
 6. Whether or not requests for CA certificates are allowed.

Optional:

- `usages` (Set of String) usages specifies a set of key usages requested in the issued certificate.

Requests for TLS client certificates typically request: "digital signature", "key encipherment", "client auth".

Requests for TLS serving certificates typically request: "key encipherment", "digital signature", "server auth".

Valid values are:
 "signing", "digital signature", "content commitment",
 "key encipherment", "key agreement", "data encipherment",
 "cert sign", "crl sign", "encipher only", "decipher only", "any",
 "server auth", "client auth",
 "code signing", "email protection", "s/mime",
 "ipsec end system", "ipsec tunnel", "ipsec user",
 "timestamping", "ocsp signing", "microsoft sgc", "netscape sgc"


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)




## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kubernetes_certificate_signing_request_v1" "example" {
  metadata {
    name = "example"
  }
  spec {
    usages      = ["client auth", "server auth"]
    signer_name = "kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-client"

    request = <<EOT
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE REQUEST-----
MIHSMIGBAgEAMCoxGDAWBgNVBAoTD2V4YW1wbGUgY2x1c3RlcjEOMAwGA1UEAxMF
YWRtaW4wTjAQBgcqhkjOPQIBBgUrgQQAIQM6AASSG8S2+hQvfMq5ucngPCzK0m0C
ImigHcF787djpF2QDbz3oQ3QsM/I7ftdjB/HHlG2a5YpqjzT0KAAMAoGCCqGSM49
BAMCA0AAMD0CHQDErNLjX86BVfOsYh/A4zmjmGknZpc2u6/coTHqAhxcR41hEU1I
DpNPvh30e0Js8/DYn2YUfu/pQU19
-----END CERTIFICATE REQUEST-----
EOT
  }

  auto_approve = true
}


resource "kubernetes_secret" "example" {
  metadata {
    name = "example"
  }
  data = {
    "tls.crt" = kubernetes_certificate_signing_request_v1.example.certificate
    "tls.key" = tls_private_key.example.private_key_pem # key used to generate Certificate Request
  }
  type = "kubernetes.io/tls"
}
```

## Generating a New Certificate

Since the certificate is a logical resource that lives only in the Terraform state, it will persist until it is explicitly destroyed by the user.

In order to force the generation of a new certificate within an existing state, the certificate instance can be "tainted":

```
terraform taint kubernetes_certificate_signing_request_v1.example
```

A new certificate will then be generated on the next `terraform apply`.
