---
subcategory: "storage/v1beta1"
page_title: "Kubernetes: kubernetes_csi_driver"
description: |-
  The Container Storage Interface (CSI) is a standard for exposing arbitrary block and file storage systems to containerized workloads on Container Orchestration Systems (COs) like Kubernetes.
---

# kubernetes_csi_driver

The [Container Storage Interface](https://kubernetes-csi.github.io/docs/introduction.html) (CSI) is a standard for exposing arbitrary block and file storage systems to containerized workloads on Container Orchestration Systems (COs) like Kubernetes.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard csi driver's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec of the CSIDriver (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the csi driver that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the csi driver. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the csi driver, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this csi driver that can be used by clients to determine when csi driver has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this csi driver. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `attach_required` (Boolean) Indicates if the CSI volume driver requires an attach operation

Optional:

- `fs_group_policy` (String) Defines if the underlying volume supports changing ownership and permission of the volume before being mounted. Defaults to `ReadWriteOnceWithFSType`. Valid options are `File`, `None`, and `ReadWriteOnceWithFSType`.
- `pod_info_on_mount` (Boolean) Indicates that the CSI volume driver requires additional pod information (like podName, podUID, etc.) during mount operations
- `volume_lifecycle_modes` (List of String) Defines what kind of volumes this CSI volume driver supports




## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kubernetes_csi_driver" "example" {
  metadata {
    name = "terraform-example"
  }

  spec {
    attach_required        = true
    pod_info_on_mount      = true
    volume_lifecycle_modes = ["Ephemeral"]
    fs_group_policy        = "File"
  }
}
```

## Import

kubernetes_csi_driver can be imported using its name, e.g.

```
$ terraform import kubernetes_csi_driver.example terraform-example
```
