---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubernetes_reference_grant_v1 Resource - gateway-api-pr-analysis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ReferenceGrant allows cross-namespace references in Gateway API resources.
---

# kubernetes_reference_grant_v1 (Resource)

ReferenceGrant allows cross-namespace references in Gateway API resources.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard reference_grant_v1's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired state of ReferenceGrant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the reference_grant_v1 that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the reference_grant_v1. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the reference_grant_v1, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which name of the reference_grant_v1 must be unique.

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this reference_grant_v1 that can be used by clients to determine when reference_grant_v1 has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this reference_grant_v1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `from` (Block List, Min: 1) From describes the trusted namespaces and kinds that can reference the resources described in To. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--from))
- `to` (Block List, Min: 1) To describes the resources that may be referenced by the resources described in From. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--to))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.from`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.to`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the referent.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
