---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubernetes_listener_set_v1 Resource - gateway-api-pr-analysis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ListenerSet defines a set of additional listeners to attach to an existing Gateway.
---

# kubernetes_listener_set_v1 (Resource)

ListenerSet defines a set of additional listeners to attach to an existing Gateway.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard listenerset_v1's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired state of ListenerSet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (List of Object) Status defines the current state of ListenerSet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the listenerset_v1 that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the listenerset_v1. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the listenerset_v1, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which name of the listenerset_v1 must be unique.

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this listenerset_v1 that can be used by clients to determine when listenerset_v1 has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this listenerset_v1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `listeners` (Block List, Min: 1) Listeners associated with this ListenerSet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--listeners))
- `parent_ref` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) ParentRef references the Gateway that the listeners are attached to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--parent_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the Listener.
- `port` (Number) Port is the network port.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol specifies the network protocol.

Optional:

- `allowed_routes` (Block List, Max: 1) AllowedRoutes defines the types of routes that MAY be attached. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--listeners--allowed_routes))
- `hostname` (String) Hostname specifies the virtual hostname to match.
- `tls` (Block List, Max: 1) TLS is the TLS configuration for the Listener. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--listeners--tls))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--listeners--allowed_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.allowed_routes`

Optional:

- `kinds` (Block List) Kinds specifies the groups and kinds of Routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--kinds))
- `namespaces` (Block List, Max: 1) Namespaces indicates namespaces from which Routes may be attached. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--namespaces))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--kinds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.allowed_routes.kinds`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the referent.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--namespaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.allowed_routes.namespaces`

Optional:

- `from` (String) From indicates where Routes will be selected from.
- `selector` (Block List, Max: 1) Selector labels Routes in the selected namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--namespaces--selector))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--namespaces--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.allowed_routes.namespaces.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) MatchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--namespaces--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--namespaces--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.allowed_routes.namespaces.selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.
- `values` (List of String) Values is an array of string values.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--listeners--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.tls`

Optional:

- `certificate_refs` (Block List) CertificateRefs contains references to TLS certificates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--listeners--tls--certificate_refs))
- `mode` (String) Mode defines the TLS behavior.
- `options` (Map of String) Options are a list of key/value pairs for TLS configuration.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--listeners--tls--certificate_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.tls.certificate_refs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--parent_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parent_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent.
- `section_name` (String) SectionName is the section name of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `conditions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--conditions))
- `listeners` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--listeners))

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Read-Only:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `observed_generation` (Number)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--status--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.listeners`

Read-Only:

- `attached_routes` (Number)
- `conditions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--listeners--conditions))
- `name` (String)
- `supported_kinds` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--listeners--supported_kinds))

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--listeners--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.listeners.conditions`

Read-Only:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `observed_generation` (Number)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--status--listeners--supported_kinds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.listeners.supported_kinds`

Read-Only:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
