---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubernetes_gateway_class Resource - gateway-api-pr-analysis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayClass represents a class of Gateways available to the user for creating Gateway resources.
---

# kubernetes_gateway_class (Resource)

GatewayClass represents a class of Gateways available to the user for creating Gateway resources.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard gateway_class_v1's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired state of GatewayClass. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (List of Object) Status defines the current state of GatewayClass. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the gateway_class_v1 that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the gateway_class_v1. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the gateway_class_v1, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this gateway_class_v1 that can be used by clients to determine when gateway_class_v1 has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this gateway_class_v1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `controller_name` (String) ControllerName is the name of the controller that is managing Gateways of this class. The value of this field MUST be a domain prefixed path.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description helps describe a GatewayClass with more details. Max length is 64 characters.
- `parameters_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ParametersRef is a reference to a resource that contains the configuration parameters corresponding to the GatewayClass. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--parameters_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--parameters_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters_ref`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent. This field is required when referring to a Namespace-scoped resource and MUST be unset when referring to a Cluster-scoped resource.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `conditions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--conditions))
- `supported_features` (List of String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Read-Only:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `last_update_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `observed_generation` (Number)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)
