---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubernetes_tls_route_v1 Resource - gateway-api-pr-analysis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  TLSRoute provides a way to route TLS requests.
---

# kubernetes_tls_route_v1 (Resource)

TLSRoute provides a way to route TLS requests.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard tlsroute_v1's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired state of TLSRoute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (List of Object) Status defines the current state of TLSRoute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the tlsroute_v1 that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the tlsroute_v1. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the tlsroute_v1, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which name of the tlsroute_v1 must be unique.

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this tlsroute_v1 that can be used by clients to determine when tlsroute_v1 has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this tlsroute_v1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `hostnames` (List of String) Hostnames defines a set of SNI hostnames that should match against the SNI attribute.
- `parent_refs` (Block List) ParentRefs identifies an API object (usually a Gateway) that routes should reference to attach to it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--parent_refs))
- `rules` (Block List) Rules are a list of TLS matchers and actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules))
- `use_default_gateways` (String) UseDefaultGateways indicates the default Gateway scope to use for this Route.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--parent_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parent_refs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. Defaults to gateway.networking.k8s.io.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the referent. Defaults to Gateway.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent.
- `port` (Number) Port is the network port this Route targets.
- `section_name` (String) SectionName is the name of a section within the target resource (e.g., a listener name).


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules`

Optional:

- `backend_refs` (Block List) BackendRefs defines the backend(s) where matching requests should be sent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs))
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the route rule.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.
- `port` (Number) Port is the port number of the referent.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent.
- `weight` (Number) Weight specifies the proportion of requests.




<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `parents` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--parents))

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--parents"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.parents`

Read-Only:

- `conditions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--parents--conditions))
- `controller_name` (String)
- `parent_ref` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--parents--parent_ref))

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--parents--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.parents.conditions`

Read-Only:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `observed_generation` (Number)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--status--parents--parent_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.parents.parent_ref`

Read-Only:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `section_name` (String)
