---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubernetes_backend_tls_policy_v1 Resource - gateway-api-pr-analysis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  BackendTLSPolicy configures TLS settings for backend services.
---

# kubernetes_backend_tls_policy_v1 (Resource)

BackendTLSPolicy configures TLS settings for backend services.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard backend_tls_policy_v1's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired state of BackendTLSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (List of Object) Status defines the current state of BackendTLSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the backend_tls_policy_v1 that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the backend_tls_policy_v1. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the backend_tls_policy_v1, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which name of the backend_tls_policy_v1 must be unique.

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this backend_tls_policy_v1 that can be used by clients to determine when backend_tls_policy_v1 has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this backend_tls_policy_v1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `target_refs` (Block List, Min: 1) TargetRefs identifies an API object to apply the policy to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target_refs))
- `validation` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Validation contains backend TLS validation configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--validation))

Optional:

- `options` (Map of String) Options are a list of key/value pairs to enable extended TLS configuration.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--target_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_refs`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the target resource.

Optional:

- `section_name` (String) SectionName is the name of a section within the target resource.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.validation`

Optional:

- `ca_certificate_refs` (Block List) CACertificateRefs contains references to Kubernetes objects that contain a PEM-encoded TLS CA certificate bundle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--validation--ca_certificate_refs))
- `hostname` (String) Hostname is used for two purposes in the connection between Gateways and backends.
- `subject_alt_names` (Block List) SubjectAltNames contains one or more Subject Alternative Names. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--validation--subject_alt_names))
- `well_known_ca_certificates` (String) WellKnownCACertificates specifies whether a well-known set of CA certificates may be used.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--validation--ca_certificate_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.validation.ca_certificate_refs`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--validation--subject_alt_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.validation.subject_alt_names`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type determines the format of the Subject Alternative Name.

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname contains Subject Alternative Name specified in DNS name format.
- `uri` (String) URI contains Subject Alternative Name specified in a full URI format.




<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `ancestors` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--ancestors))

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--ancestors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.ancestors`

Read-Only:

- `ancestor_ref` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--ancestors--ancestor_ref))
- `conditions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--ancestors--conditions))
- `controller_name` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--ancestors--ancestor_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.ancestors.ancestor_ref`

Read-Only:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `section_name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--status--ancestors--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.ancestors.conditions`

Read-Only:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `observed_generation` (Number)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)
