---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubernetes_secret_v1 Resource - gateway-api-pr-analysis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource provides mechanisms to inject containers with sensitive information, such as passwords, while keeping containers agnostic of Kubernetes. Secrets can be used to store sensitive information either as individual properties or coarse-grained entries like entire files or JSON blobs. The resource will by default create a secret which is available to any pod in the specified (or default) namespace.
---

# kubernetes_secret_v1 (Resource)

The resource provides mechanisms to inject containers with sensitive information, such as passwords, while keeping containers agnostic of Kubernetes. Secrets can be used to store sensitive information either as individual properties or coarse-grained entries like entire files or JSON blobs. The resource will by default create a secret which is available to any pod in the specified (or default) namespace.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard secret's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))

### Optional

- `binary_data` (Map of String, Sensitive) A map of the secret data in base64 encoding. Use this for binary data.
- `binary_data_wo` (Map of String) A write-only map of the secret data in base64 encoding. Use this for binary data.
- `binary_data_wo_revision` (Number) The current revision of the write-only "binary_data_wo" attribute. Incrementing this integer value will cause Terraform to update the write-only value.
- `data` (Map of String, Sensitive) A map of the secret data.
- `data_wo` (Map of String) A map write-only of the secret data.
- `data_wo_revision` (Number) The current revision of the write-only "data_wo" attribute. Incrementing this integer value will cause Terraform to update the write-only value.
- `immutable` (Boolean) Ensures that data stored in the Secret cannot be updated (only object metadata can be modified).
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `type` (String) Type of secret
- `wait_for_service_account_token` (Boolean) Terraform will wait for the service account token to be created.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the secret that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the secret. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the secret, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which name of the secret must be unique.

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this secret that can be used by clients to determine when secret has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this secret. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
