---
subcategory: "manifest"
page_title: "Kubernetes: kubernetes_labels"
description: |-
  This resource allows Terraform to manage the labels for a resource that already exists
---

# kubernetes_labels

This resource allows Terraform to manage the labels for a resource that already exists. This resource uses [field management](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/server-side-apply/#field-management) and [server-side apply](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/server-side-apply/) to manage only the labels that are defined in the Terraform configuration. Existing labels not specified in the configuration will be ignored. If a label specified in the config and is already managed by another client it will cause a conflict which can be overridden by setting `force` to true.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_version` (String) The apiVersion of the resource to label.
- `kind` (String) The kind of the resource to label.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of labels to apply to the resource.
- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (String) Set the name of the field manager for the specified labels.
- `force` (Boolean) Force overwriting labels that were created or edited outside of Terraform.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the resource.




## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kubernetes_labels" "example" {
  api_version = "v1"
  kind        = "ConfigMap"
  metadata {
    name = "my-config"
  }
  labels = {
    "owner" = "myteam"
  }
}
```

## Import

This resource does not support the `import` command. As this resource operates on Kubernetes resources that already exist, creating the resource is equivalent to importing it.
