---
subcategory: "scheduling/v1"
page_title: "Kubernetes: kubernetes_priority_class"
description: |-
  A PriorityClass is a non-namespaced object that defines a mapping from a priority class name to the integer value of the priority.
---

# kubernetes_priority_class

A PriorityClass is a non-namespaced object that defines a mapping from a priority class name to the integer value of the priority.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard priority class's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `value` (Number) The value of this priority class. This is the actual priority that pods receive when they have the name of this class in their pod spec.

### Optional

- `description` (String) An arbitrary string that usually provides guidelines on when this priority class should be used.
- `global_default` (Boolean) Specifies whether this PriorityClass should be considered as the default priority for pods that do not have any priority class. Only one PriorityClass can be marked as `globalDefault`. However, if more than one PriorityClasses exists with their `globalDefault` field set to true, the smallest value of such global default PriorityClasses will be used as the default priority.
- `preemption_policy` (String) PreemptionPolicy is the Policy for preempting pods with lower priority. One of Never, PreemptLowerPriority. Defaults to PreemptLowerPriority if unset.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the priority class that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the priority class. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the priority class, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this priority class that can be used by clients to determine when priority class has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this priority class. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids




## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kubernetes_priority_class" "example" {
  metadata {
    name = "terraform-example"
  }

  value = 100
}
```

## Import

Priority Class can be imported using its name, e.g.

```
$ terraform import kubernetes_priority_class.example terraform-example
```
