---
subcategory: "core/v1"
page_title: "Kubernetes: kubernetes_resource_quota_v1"
description: |-
  A resource quota provides constraints that limit aggregate resource consumption per namespace. It can limit the quantity of objects that can be created in a namespace by type, as well as the total amount of compute resources that may be consumed by resources in that project.
---

# kubernetes_resource_quota_v1

A resource quota provides constraints that limit aggregate resource consumption per namespace. It can limit the quantity of objects that can be created in a namespace by type, as well as the total amount of compute resources that may be consumed by resources in that project.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard resource quota's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired quota. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the resource quota that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the resource quota. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the resource quota, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which name of the resource quota must be unique.

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this resource quota that can be used by clients to determine when resource quota has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this resource quota. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `hard` (Map of String) The set of desired hard limits for each named resource. More info: http://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/docs/design/admission_control_resource_quota.md#admissioncontrol-plugin-resourcequota
- `scope_selector` (Block List, Max: 1) A collection of filters like scopes that must match each object tracked by a quota but expressed using ScopeSelectorOperator in combination with possible values. For a resource to match, both scopes AND scopeSelector (if specified in spec), must be matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--scope_selector))
- `scopes` (Set of String) A collection of filters that must match each object tracked by a quota. If not specified, the quota matches all objects.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--scope_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scope_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expression` (Block List) A list of scope selector requirements by scope of the resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--scope_selector--match_expression))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--scope_selector--match_expression"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scope_selector.match_expression`

Required:

- `operator` (String) Represents a scope's relationship to a set of values.
- `scope_name` (String) The name of the scope that the selector applies to.

Optional:

- `values` (Set of String) A list of scope selector requirements by scope of the resources.




<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `update` (String)




## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kubernetes_resource_quota_v1" "example" {
  metadata {
    name = "terraform-example"
  }
  spec {
    hard = {
      pods = 10
    }
    scopes = ["BestEffort"]
  }
}
```

## Import

Resource Quota can be imported using its namespace and name, e.g.

```
$ terraform import kubernetes_resource_quota_v1.example default/terraform-example
```
