---
subcategory: "authentication/v1"
page_title: "Kubernetes: kubernetes_token_request_v1"
description: |-
  TokenRequest requests a token for a given service account.
---

# kubernetes_token_request_v1

TokenRequest requests a token for a given service account.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard token request's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token is the opaque bearer token.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the token request that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the token request. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the token request, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which name of the token request must be unique.

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this token request that can be used by clients to determine when token request has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this token request. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audiences are the intendend audiences of the token. A recipient of a token must identify themself with an identifier in the list of audiences of the token, and otherwise should reject the token. A token issued for multiple audiences may be used to authenticate against any of the audiences listed but implies a high degree of trust between the target audiences.
- `bound_object_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) BoundObjectRef is a reference to an object that the token will be bound to. The token will only be valid for as long as the bound object exists. NOTE: The API server's TokenReview endpoint will validate the BoundObjectRef, but other audiences may not. Keep ExpirationSeconds small if you want prompt revocation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--bound_object_ref))
- `expiration_seconds` (Number) expiration_seconds is the requested duration of validity of the request. The token issuer may return a token with a different validity duration so a client needs to check the 'expiration' field in a response. The expiration can't be less than 10 minutes.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--bound_object_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bound_object_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. Valid kinds are 'Pod' and 'Secret'.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent.





## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kubernetes_service_account_v1" "test" {
  metadata {
    name = "test"
  }
}

resource "kubernetes_token_request_v1" "test" {
  metadata {
    name = kubernetes_service_account_v1.test.metadata.0.name
  }
  spec {
    audiences = [
      "api",
      "vault",
      "factors"
    ]
  }
}

output "tokenValue" {
  value = kubernetes_token_request_v1.test.token
}
```

