---
subcategory: "admissionregistration/v1beta1"
page_title: "Kubernetes: kubernetes_validating_webhook_configuration"
description: |-
  Validating Webhook Configuration configures a validating admission webhook
---

# kubernetes_validating_webhook_configuration

Validating Webhook Configuration configures a [validating admission webhook](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/#what-are-admission-webhooks).

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard validating webhook configuration's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `webhook` (Block List, Min: 1) Webhooks is a list of webhooks and the affected resources and operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhook))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the validating webhook configuration that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the validating webhook configuration. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `name` (String) Name of the validating webhook configuration, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this validating webhook configuration that can be used by clients to determine when validating webhook configuration has changed. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this validating webhook configuration. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedblock--webhook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook`

Required:

- `client_config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) ClientConfig defines how to communicate with the hook. Required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhook--client_config))
- `name` (String) The name of the admission webhook. Name should be fully qualified, e.g., imagepolicy.kubernetes.io, where "imagepolicy" is the name of the webhook, and kubernetes.io is the name of the organization. Required.

Optional:

- `admission_review_versions` (List of String) AdmissionReviewVersions is an ordered list of preferred `AdmissionReview` versions the Webhook expects. API server will try to use first version in the list which it supports. If none of the versions specified in this list supported by API server, validation will fail for this object. If a persisted webhook configuration specifies allowed versions and does not include any versions known to the API Server, calls to the webhook will fail and be subject to the failure policy.
- `failure_policy` (String) FailurePolicy defines how unrecognized errors from the admission endpoint are handled - allowed values are Ignore or Fail. Defaults to Fail.
- `match_policy` (String) matchPolicy defines how the "rules" list is used to match incoming requests. Allowed values are "Exact" or "Equivalent".

- Exact: match a request only if it exactly matches a specified rule. For example, if deployments can be modified via apps/v1, apps/v1beta1, and extensions/v1beta1, but "rules" only included `apiGroups:["apps"], apiVersions:["v1"], resources: ["deployments"]`, a request to apps/v1beta1 or extensions/v1beta1 would not be sent to the webhook.

- Equivalent: match a request if modifies a resource listed in rules, even via another API group or version. For example, if deployments can be modified via apps/v1, apps/v1beta1, and extensions/v1beta1, and "rules" only included `apiGroups:["apps"], apiVersions:["v1"], resources: ["deployments"]`, a request to apps/v1beta1 or extensions/v1beta1 would be converted to apps/v1 and sent to the webhook.

Defaults to "Equivalent"
- `namespace_selector` (Block List, Max: 1) NamespaceSelector decides whether to run the webhook on an object based on whether the namespace for that object matches the selector. If the object itself is a namespace, the matching is performed on object.metadata.labels. If the object is another cluster scoped resource, it never skips the webhook.

For example, to run the webhook on any objects whose namespace is not associated with "runlevel" of "0" or "1";  you will set the selector as follows: "namespaceSelector": {
  "matchExpressions": [
    {
      "key": "runlevel",
      "operator": "NotIn",
      "values": [
        "0",
        "1"
      ]
    }
  ]
}

If instead you want to only run the webhook on any objects whose namespace is associated with the "environment" of "prod" or "staging"; you will set the selector as follows: "namespaceSelector": {
  "matchExpressions": [
    {
      "key": "environment",
      "operator": "In",
      "values": [
        "prod",
        "staging"
      ]
    }
  ]
}

See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels for more examples of label selectors.

Default to the empty LabelSelector, which matches everything. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhook--namespace_selector))
- `object_selector` (Block List, Max: 1) ObjectSelector decides whether to run the webhook based on if the object has matching labels. objectSelector is evaluated against both the oldObject and newObject that would be sent to the webhook, and is considered to match if either object matches the selector. A null object (oldObject in the case of create, or newObject in the case of delete) or an object that cannot have labels (like a DeploymentRollback or a PodProxyOptions object) is not considered to match. Use the object selector only if the webhook is opt-in, because end users may skip the admission webhook by setting the labels. Default to the empty LabelSelector, which matches everything. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhook--object_selector))
- `rule` (Block List) Rules describes what operations on what resources/subresources the webhook cares about. The webhook cares about an operation if it matches _any_ Rule. However, in order to prevent ValidatingAdmissionWebhooks and MutatingAdmissionWebhooks from putting the cluster in a state which cannot be recovered from without completely disabling the plugin, ValidatingAdmissionWebhooks and MutatingAdmissionWebhooks are never called on admission requests for ValidatingWebhookConfiguration and MutatingWebhookConfiguration objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhook--rule))
- `side_effects` (String) SideEffects states whether this webhook has side effects. Acceptable values are: None, NoneOnDryRun (webhooks created via v1beta1 may also specify Some or Unknown). Webhooks with side effects MUST implement a reconciliation system, since a request may be rejected by a future step in the admission chain and the side effects therefore need to be undone. Requests with the dryRun attribute will be auto-rejected if they match a webhook with sideEffects == Unknown or Some.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) TimeoutSeconds specifies the timeout for this webhook. After the timeout passes, the webhook call will be ignored or the API call will fail based on the failure policy. The timeout value must be between 1 and 30 seconds. Default to 10 seconds.

<a id="nestedblock--webhook--client_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.client_config`

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (String) `caBundle` is a PEM encoded CA bundle which will be used to validate the webhook's server certificate. If unspecified, system trust roots on the apiserver are used.
- `service` (Block List, Max: 1) `service` is a reference to the service for this webhook. Either `service` or `url` must be specified.

If the webhook is running within the cluster, then you should use `service`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhook--client_config--service))
- `url` (String) `url` gives the location of the webhook, in standard URL form (`scheme://host:port/path`). Exactly one of `url` or `service` must be specified.

The `host` should not refer to a service running in the cluster; use the `service` field instead. The host might be resolved via external DNS in some apiservers (e.g., `kube-apiserver` cannot resolve in-cluster DNS as that would be a layering violation). `host` may also be an IP address.

Please note that using `localhost` or `127.0.0.1` as a `host` is risky unless you take great care to run this webhook on all hosts which run an apiserver which might need to make calls to this webhook. Such installs are likely to be non-portable, i.e., not easy to turn up in a new cluster.

The scheme must be "https"; the URL must begin with "https://".

A path is optional, and if present may be any string permissible in a URL. You may use the path to pass an arbitrary string to the webhook, for example, a cluster identifier.

Attempting to use a user or basic auth e.g. "user:password@" is not allowed. Fragments ("#...") and query parameters ("?...") are not allowed, either.

<a id="nestedblock--webhook--client_config--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.client_config.service`

Required:

- `name` (String) `name` is the name of the service. Required
- `namespace` (String) `namespace` is the namespace of the service. Required

Optional:

- `path` (String) `path` is an optional URL path which will be sent in any request to this service.
- `port` (Number) If specified, the port on the service that hosting webhook. Default to 443 for backward compatibility. `port` should be a valid port number (1-65535, inclusive).



<a id="nestedblock--webhook--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) A list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhook--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) A map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of `match_expressions`, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--webhook--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) A key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators ard `In`, `NotIn`, `Exists` and `DoesNotExist`.
- `values` (Set of String) An array of string values. If the operator is `In` or `NotIn`, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is `Exists` or `DoesNotExist`, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedblock--webhook--object_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.object_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) A list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhook--object_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) A map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of `match_expressions`, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--webhook--object_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.object_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) A key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators ard `In`, `NotIn`, `Exists` and `DoesNotExist`.
- `values` (Set of String) An array of string values. If the operator is `In` or `NotIn`, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is `Exists` or `DoesNotExist`, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedblock--webhook--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.rule`

Required:

- `api_groups` (List of String)
- `api_versions` (List of String)
- `operations` (List of String) Operations is the operations the admission hook cares about - CREATE, UPDATE, DELETE, CONNECT or * for all of those operations and any future admission operations that are added. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. Required.
- `resources` (List of String)

Optional:

- `scope` (String)



 

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kubernetes_validating_webhook_configuration" "example" {
  metadata {
    name = "test.terraform.io"
  }

  webhook {
    name = "test.terraform.io"

    admission_review_versions = ["v1", "v1beta1"]

    client_config {
      service {
        namespace = "example-namespace"
        name      = "example-service"
      }
    }

    rule {
      api_groups   = ["apps"]
      api_versions = ["v1"]
      operations   = ["CREATE"]
      resources    = ["deployments"]
      scope        = "Namespaced"
    }

    side_effects = "None"
  }
}
```

## API version support

The provider supports clusters running either `v1` or `v1beta1` of the Admission Registration API.

## Import

Validating Webhook Configuration can be imported using the name, e.g.

```
$ terraform import kubernetes_validating_webhook_configuration.example terraform-example
```
